README.md, before:

# Curriculum Overview

- 9 weeks of guided instruction
  - 4 days of guided instruction per week
  - 1 flex day to work on projects and/or pickup lessons
- 3 weeks of team-based projects
  - Three day sprints (Scrum)
  - Staff acting as scrum masters and product owners

# Weekly Breakdown

### Week 1 ([details](./week1))
- The File System
- Variables, Operators, Expressions, Basic Types
- Conditionals
- Strings and Text Processing
  - Regular Expressions*
- Git and GitHub

### Week 2 ([details](./week2))
- Arrays
- Loops
- Intro to OOP
- Building Classes - Methods and Attributes
- Unit Testing/TDD (Junit)*

### Week 3 ([details](./week3))
- Collections Overview (*Iterables/Iterators)
- Lists
- Maps
- Inheritance & Polymorphism
- Encapsulation

### Week 4 ([details](./week4))
- Dependency Injection/Spring
- Test Doubles (Mockito)*
- Exceptions
- Build Automation with Gradle*

### Week 5 ([details](./week5))
- Spring Boot
- HTML
- MVC

### Week 6 ([details](./week6))
- CSS
- Bootstrap

### Week 7 ([details](./week7))
- Relational Databases and Design
- Relational Databases and SQL
- Java Persistence API (Spring Data)

### Week 8 ([details](./week8))
- JavaScript/jQuery
- AJAX, JSON, and RESTful APIs
- Pair Programming (w/ Git/GitHub)

### Week 9 ([details](./week9))
- Flex Week

### Week 10-12
- Final Project
- Agile/Scrum

'*' Denotes potential topics

# Important Dates

- May 29: Memorial Day (no class)
- July 3 and 4: Fourth of July (no class)
- {TODO ???}: last day of class
- {TODO ???}: career day & graduation

# Attendance Policy

Class is from 9:30am-3:30pm Monday-Friday, with the exception of holidays on which we will not be having class.

You are required to attend a minimum of 90% of class time to be eligible for graduation. Attendance is measured *to the minute*—arriving late or leaving early will negatively impact your attendance. Please inform an instructor or TA if extenuating circumstances arise.

# Grading Policy

In order to pass the course, you must receive a grade of 70% or higher averaged over all the assignments. In addition, you must receive a grade of 70% or higher on the final project.

## Attendance

## Projects

Projects are graded by WCCI staff. Projects are typically worth 100 points. 90 points of each project will be determined by the tasks that are completed, with attempts resulting in partial credit for a given task. The final 10 points of each project are determined by overall code quality, considering code readability, well-named methods and variables, and comments where necessary.

### Late and Incomplete Projects

Regarding late and incomplete projects, We Can Code IT’s policy is as follows:

* For each day after the project is due, the grade will automatically be deducted by 10 percentage points of the maximum possible score.
  * To be clear, a project due at 9:30 on a Monday morning is considered one day late starting at 9:31 that morning. 
  * That project is then considered an additional day late starting at 9:31 on Tuesday morning, thereby being two days late.
* After a project is five days late (using the above example, this would be Friday at 9:31 am), the project is automatically scored at a 0/100 or 0%.
* If a student knows in advance that she or he will not be able to submit the project by its due date, that student is required to notify the instructors via email as soon as possible.
* Extensions on project submissions will be given with the Education Team’s discretion in the case of extenuating circumstances.

### Unsatisfactory Progress Probationary Period

If a student is failing a portion of the program, the student will be placed on academic probation for two weeks. In this time period, the student will be put on a remediation plan and is expected to complete and pass any portion of the class in which the student has failed. If the student cannot resolve his or her failing status satisfactorily, he or she may be dismissed from the program. The student may be eligible for a refund based upon our stated refund policies.

### Final Projects

Final projects will be worth 100 points per week worked on the project, with each week graded independently. These grades will be determined based upon the milestones set for each project and how well those milestones were met. Students must be passing the course prior to final projects to be eligible to participate in final projects.

# Course Resources

In addition to the required text, this and other We Can Code IT repositories will contain code developed in class, slides, reading material, and links to useful resources. In addition, there is a required book and other books that you may find useful. Students may use print or electronic versions based on preference. This syllabus links directly to the publishers' sites for books, but these are likely available via Amazon and other booksellers.

## Required Textbook

- Sierra, Kathy and Bates, Bert. [*Head First Java, Second Edition*](http://www.headfirstlabs.com/books/hfjava/). O'Reilly Media, 2005.

## Suggested Textbook

- Antonov, Alex. [Spring Boot Cookbook](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/spring-boot-cookbook). Packt Publishing. 2015.

## Optional Textbooks

- Freeman, Eric et al. [Head First Design Patterns](http://www.headfirstlabs.com/books/hfdp/). O'Reilly Media. 2004.

## Online Resources

### General
- [Slides from Class](./slides.md)
- [Lynda](https://www.lynda.com/) (This is a free resource if you have a library card. So get a library card.)

### Java

- [The Java™ Tutorials](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/)
- [Programming by Doing](https://programmingbydoing.com/)
- [tutorialspoint's Java Tutorial](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/)

#### Spring

- [The Spring Getting Started Guides, Topical Guides, and Tutorials](https://spring.io/guides). Spring.io.
- [Spring Boot project](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/). Spring.io.
- [Spring Boot v1.5.3 Documentation](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.3.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/). Spring.io.

### Git

- [GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/). github.
- Chacon, Scott and Ben Straub. [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2). Apress.

### HTML/CSS/JavaScript

- [w3schools](https://w3schools.com)
- [Mozilla Developer Network (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org)

Commit message:

added Java Persistence wikibook to references

README.md, after:

# Curriculum Overview

- 9 weeks of guided instruction
  - 4 days of guided instruction per week
  - 1 flex day to work on projects and/or pickup lessons
- 3 weeks of team-based projects
  - Three day sprints (Scrum)
  - Staff acting as scrum masters and product owners

# Weekly Breakdown

### Week 1 ([details](./week1))
- The File System
- Variables, Operators, Expressions, Basic Types
- Conditionals
- Strings and Text Processing
  - Regular Expressions*
- Git and GitHub

### Week 2 ([details](./week2))
- Arrays
- Loops
- Intro to OOP
- Building Classes - Methods and Attributes
- Unit Testing/TDD (Junit)*

### Week 3 ([details](./week3))
- Collections Overview (*Iterables/Iterators)
- Lists
- Maps
- Inheritance & Polymorphism
- Encapsulation

### Week 4 ([details](./week4))
- Dependency Injection/Spring
- Test Doubles (Mockito)*
- Exceptions
- Build Automation with Gradle*

### Week 5 ([details](./week5))
- Spring Boot
- HTML
- MVC

### Week 6 ([details](./week6))
- CSS
- Bootstrap

### Week 7 ([details](./week7))
- Relational Databases and Design
- Relational Databases and SQL
- Java Persistence API (Spring Data)

### Week 8 ([details](./week8))
- JavaScript/jQuery
- AJAX, JSON, and RESTful APIs
- Pair Programming (w/ Git/GitHub)

### Week 9 ([details](./week9))
- Flex Week

### Week 10-12
- Final Project
- Agile/Scrum

'*' Denotes potential topics

# Important Dates

- May 29: Memorial Day (no class)
- July 3 and 4: Fourth of July (no class)
- {TODO ???}: last day of class
- {TODO ???}: career day & graduation

# Attendance Policy

Class is from 9:30am-3:30pm Monday-Friday, with the exception of holidays on which we will not be having class.

You are required to attend a minimum of 90% of class time to be eligible for graduation. Attendance is measured *to the minute*—arriving late or leaving early will negatively impact your attendance. Please inform an instructor or TA if extenuating circumstances arise.

# Grading Policy

In order to pass the course, you must receive a grade of 70% or higher averaged over all the assignments. In addition, you must receive a grade of 70% or higher on the final project.

## Attendance

## Projects

Projects are graded by WCCI staff. Projects are typically worth 100 points. 90 points of each project will be determined by the tasks that are completed, with attempts resulting in partial credit for a given task. The final 10 points of each project are determined by overall code quality, considering code readability, well-named methods and variables, and comments where necessary.

### Late and Incomplete Projects

Regarding late and incomplete projects, We Can Code IT’s policy is as follows:

* For each day after the project is due, the grade will automatically be deducted by 10 percentage points of the maximum possible score.
  * To be clear, a project due at 9:30 on a Monday morning is considered one day late starting at 9:31 that morning. 
  * That project is then considered an additional day late starting at 9:31 on Tuesday morning, thereby being two days late.
* After a project is five days late (using the above example, this would be Friday at 9:31 am), the project is automatically scored at a 0/100 or 0%.
* If a student knows in advance that she or he will not be able to submit the project by its due date, that student is required to notify the instructors via email as soon as possible.
* Extensions on project submissions will be given with the Education Team’s discretion in the case of extenuating circumstances.

### Unsatisfactory Progress Probationary Period

If a student is failing a portion of the program, the student will be placed on academic probation for two weeks. In this time period, the student will be put on a remediation plan and is expected to complete and pass any portion of the class in which the student has failed. If the student cannot resolve his or her failing status satisfactorily, he or she may be dismissed from the program. The student may be eligible for a refund based upon our stated refund policies.

### Final Projects

Final projects will be worth 100 points per week worked on the project, with each week graded independently. These grades will be determined based upon the milestones set for each project and how well those milestones were met. Students must be passing the course prior to final projects to be eligible to participate in final projects.

# Course Resources

In addition to the required text, this and other We Can Code IT repositories will contain code developed in class, slides, reading material, and links to useful resources. In addition, there is a required book and other books that you may find useful. Students may use print or electronic versions based on preference. This syllabus links directly to the publishers' sites for books, but these are likely available via Amazon and other booksellers.

## Required Textbook

- Sierra, Kathy and Bates, Bert. [*Head First Java, Second Edition*](http://www.headfirstlabs.com/books/hfjava/). O'Reilly Media, 2005.

## Suggested Textbook

- Antonov, Alex. [Spring Boot Cookbook](https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/spring-boot-cookbook). Packt Publishing. 2015.

## Optional Textbooks

- Freeman, Eric et al. [Head First Design Patterns](http://www.headfirstlabs.com/books/hfdp/). O'Reilly Media. 2004.

## Online Resources

### General
- [Slides from Class](./slides.md)
- [Lynda](https://www.lynda.com/) (This is a free resource if you have a library card. So get a library card.)

### Java

- [The Java™ Tutorials](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/)
- [Programming by Doing](https://programmingbydoing.com/)
- [tutorialspoint's Java Tutorial](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/)

#### Spring

- [The Spring Getting Started Guides, Topical Guides, and Tutorials](https://spring.io/guides). Spring.io.
- [Spring Boot project](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/). Spring.io.
- [Spring Boot v1.5.3 Documentation](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.3.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/). Spring.io.

#### JPA

- [Java Persistence](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Persistence) book on wikibooks
	
	There is a PDF version available at the above link which is easier to search/reference.

### Git

- [GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/). github.
- Chacon, Scott and Ben Straub. [Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2). Apress.

### HTML/CSS/JavaScript

- [w3schools](https://w3schools.com)
- [Mozilla Developer Network (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org)
